# Library Management System In C++
A library management system is based on a concept for recording own books, published books, returned books, borrowed students, etc. Before entering the main system, users must access through a login system. There are two types of logins: student logins and librarian logins. To access the librarian's account, you must provide the password only to the librarian. 

This project has many features. Users can also change their passwords from the system for their own security. Speaking of library management system features, after logging in as a student, you can only browse the list of books. The entire system is controlled by the librarian, who can view, search, modify, add, delete, and publish books. Another major feature is reissues and returned books. Users can also search for students who edited books from the library. When adding a book, you will need to provide details such as the name of the book, author and publication, her ID for the book, price and quantity. Similarly, if you want to publish a book for a few days, you can simply enter the name of the book, the ID, the name of the student with the ID, the date of publication, and whether the user wants it reissued. In that case, you will need to provide your student ID, book ID, and new date. It's sorted by category, so you can easily add books. 

If the user is late to return the book, the system will automatically charge a fee according to the publication date. Another feature is that users can easily change their passwords from the system. The Librarian Login serves as the administration panel for this system. The library management system was developed using the C++ programming language and various variables and strings were used in its development. This project provides an optimal system for managing library records.
